So in this video, we will be talking about our next class.
That is an online test class which will be creating or displaying an online type of multiple choice
test.
So let's have a look at its implementation and coding.
So it is defined inside the package and we have imported the Abstract Window Toolkit package for the
graphical user interface.
Similarly, a DOT event for the event handling over the buttons and Java extracts going to provide a
better GUI interface for that.
Then we have defined our online test class, which is extending the frame and implementing X listener
and there is a J label, l instance, a G label end and there is a G radio button JB of size five and
then there is a, that is an area for that radio button and then there's a J button be one comma B to
two buttons and button group of b g.
There are some variables of integers like count current, x, y, and now and there is a type of integer
array of size ten.
Now inside the parameter constructor of that online, what we are doing is we are heading it as the
past String s and Alice goes to New J label, adding that to the frame.
After that we are defining the button group and further iterating over that five number 0 to 4.
What we are doing is setting that button array.
One is close to new radio button and adding that to our frame and also adding that button to our button
group.
After that, we have defined the two buttons we want and we go to next ten bookmark and adding that
to that both of the buttons.
After that, we have added both of the buttons to our frame and then set everything correctly.
After that, we have set the bound for the label one.
So this will set the location as 3040 and it size five 4450 across 20.
Similarly, we have set the location for all the buttons zero one, two, three.
So this will be the.
Location for these buttons, radio buttons.
And after that, what we are doing is setting the bound for the given button and setting the bond for
the beta button.
Similarly, what we are doing is setting the default flows operation for the frame.
After that, setting the layout as now we will be not using any type of layout.
Setting the location as 250, comma, 100.
And after that, set the visibility.
As to then what we are doing is setting the size at 600, comma, 350 for the frame inside the action
form the method which is taking an action type of event.
What we are doing is we are setting that to get resources equals to suppose to be one if the resource
of the.
One event is from B1, then we will first pass the method check to the available.
So if it is true, then we will increment the count by plus one and current plus plus increment the
variable current and then set everything again.
After that, what you are doing is is current discourse skills.
Nine We will set the P 1.10 interval false and B two dot set text result.
After that if the command is from a bookmark.
So if the user want to bookmark a question, what we are doing is creating a button new button bookmark
plus x.
After that, setting the bond for that button and after that, adding that button to our frame and adding
accent listener to this.
Then there is a max inside.
The max will be stored current and incrementing the x variable and the current variable both.
Then we are calling the set method.
After that, if the calendar goes to nine, will be set by two points, set as equals to result and
set the visibility of the current window as false and set the visibility as then true.
Now for from one and for variables I and y we are iterating over those variables and what we are doing
is getting action command and equals to bookmark plus y and if check y will be check passing check method
two the f then we will be creating incrementing count variable and now it's close to current and then
current as equals to m of y.
Then we will calling the set method.
After that we will be enabling the false property for the g button dot get resource get source and current
is equals to now after that inside the get command we have equal for the result.
So if then again check.
For the Czech method.
What we are doing is count as goes to count plus one and current plus plus.
After that option pane, we will show the my dialog box that correct answer plus count.
So this will be showing whenever the result button will be clicked.
So this is showing that the correct answers and the number of correct answers with the help of count
variables, then we will system not exit is close to zero.
The program will be closed after that.
This is the set method inside which we will be having our questions.
So JB for point get selected is close to true and if current equals close to zero.
So what's happening here is if current is close to is close to zero, then it will set the text in the
label as this is the first text, this is the first question and set the options with respect to do
that.
All the radio buttons.
j0123.
Now for the one we will be selecting the next question and it's object it's options similarly for the
current two.
Current three four, five, six, seven.
Eight and nine.
Then what we are doing is setting the bound location for that label and after that we are for a comma
j, comma zero and iterating over the two variables and setting the location for every radio button's
now boolean check method.
This is the check method which we have called again and again over the over these classes.
Inside this action command name.
And what we are doing inside is if current is equal to zero.
Then we will be returning ggb when it is selected.
So this will be checked for the this will return the correct answer.
So this Boolean check will be returning the correct answers of every choice.
So for the zeroth question, the selected correct selected is JB first operation first the option is
correct for the one.
Its second option is correct for the second.
Its third option is correct.
Similarly, for the third, fourth, fifth, sixth and 79th, we have returned the correct answers.
And then after that, we have returned false.
So inside the public static void when we have just called a new online test of the Java.
So this is our IP finder or Java file which will help us to find the IP for the valid links over the
net.
I was worried from the valid URLs or website links.
I mean, those websites would be valid or present in our World Wide Web.
So with this class, we have defined inside the package space and then we have imported the necessary
package like import Java exports thing, which is a modified version of the A to provide better graphical
user interface than the AWP.
Then we have defined a DOT event strict, which will help us to perform events over the buttons in this
window or frame.
Then we have defined our district.
This will help us to use the methods which will help us to provide the ID or IP for for that particular
link which will be entering in our text field.
After that, we have what data is defined the IP Finder class, which is extending j frame j from classes
provided basically by the Java string package and implementing action list.
So action list net is also an interface and for which we will be defining its method action performed
with the Object Action Event to perform an event over the buttons.
After that, there is a label label l.
And there is a text field variable and there is a button variable b.
Now we have defined the IP finder non parameter constructor inside which is heading will be IP finder
tool.
And then there is a label as enter website URL.
So this label will be used to print that statement like enter the website URL and we have set its bound.
As Eldred said, 150, comma 70.
So its location will be 5070 and its size will be 150.
Tom Cross 20.
After that there is a defined we have a text field for the respective label because if we are entering
enter website URL.
So for that label there must be a text field at which place where the user must be entering its URL.
So to physical is a new digit text field which will be used to enter the URL and to set boundaries set
bounds.
It's so the text field will be set at 50 from 102 hundred comma 20.
So 50 column 100 is the location and 200 comma 20 will be its size.
Then there is a button labelled as new button find IP.
So this button will help us.
This button is a button named as find IP.
So when we click on this find IP, the IP of that particular link will appear in the form of a dialog
box.
So after that we have set the bound for that IP, which is 100 comma 150 and it sizes 80 cross 30.
Then we have added action listener to that button.
After that we have added that label to our frame, added that text field to our frame, added that button
to our frame and set the size as 400, comma, 300 and its layout as null and set the visibility as
true of that frame.
After that, we have defined the action performing the method which is taking argument as action event.
So a string URL is equals to get text.
So from the text field we'll be fetching the text and storing it into a string named as a URL variable.
Now inside the drive, what we are doing is there is a in init address type of variable ie a.
And which is initialized as init address dot get by name url.
So what it is doing, it will restore the get by name URL past the URL or that method.
Get by name and store the result in that init address variable.
Now a string ip is string ip is equals to iact host address.
So these methods in it address and get hold all status method will be provided with this package.
That's why we have imported this package in this class.
So inside the string IP, we will restore the host status.
That will be basically the IP address dot for that particular URL.
And then we will show the dialog box that the option is.
So methods dialog box.
This common IP of the URL is equals to the string IP.
So this will show the IP if it is found.
Now catch unknown host exceptions.
If the host ID will not be found, then this will handle for that exception and show the message dialog
box that even not twisting that the host not found or the error is not link is not valid now inside
the public static void mean we have called the new IP finder class so whenever it will be run so the
main method will be called and create its constructor so that we will have a look at this.
Interface of that IP finder the class, and we can perform or write a URL and find the IP of that particular
URL.
So that's on.